update info (#4552)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Skype/SfbHybrid/hybrid/configure-federation-with-skype-for-business-online.md

To configure Skype for Business hybrid, you need to:

> - [Configure your on-premises environment service to federate with Office 365 or another organisation](#configure-your-on-premises-edge-service-to-federate-with-office-365).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Configure your on-premises Edge service to federate with Office 365 or another organization](#configure-your-on-premises-edge-service-to-federate-with-office-365-or-another-organization).
```

- [Configure your on-premises environment to trust Office 365 and enable shared SIP address space with Office 365](#configure-your-on-premises-environment-to-enable-shared-sip-address-space-with-office-365).
- [Enable shared SIP address space in your Office 365 tenant](#enable-shared-sip-address-space-in-your-office-365-tenant).

Note that if you have Exchange on-premises, you may want to configure OAuth between your Exchange on-premises and Skype for Business Online environments. For more information, see  [Manage server-to-server authentication in Skype for Business Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/SkypeForBusiness/manage/authentication/server-to-server-and-partner-applications) and [Plan to integrate Skype for Business and Exchange](https://docs.microsoft.com/SkypeForBusiness/plan-your-deployment/integrate-with-exchange/integrate-with-exchange#feature_support). 
  

> ## Configure your on-premises Edge service to federate with Office 365 or another organisation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure your on-premises Edge service to federate with Office 365 or another organization
```

Federation allows users in your on-premises deployment to communicate with Office 365 users in your organization. To configure federation, run the following cmdlet in the Skype for Business Server Management Shell:
  
```PowerShell
Set-CSAccessEdgeConfiguration -AllowOutsideUsers $True -AllowFederatedUsers $True -EnablePartnerDiscovery $True -UseDnsSrvRouting
```

If '-EnablePartnerDiscovery' value is set to $True, Skype for Business Server will use DNS records to try and discover partner domains not listed in the AllowedDomains list. If the value is set to $False , Skype for Business Server will only federate with domains found on the AllowedDomains list. This parameter is required if you use DNS service routing.

> [!NOTE]

> > For more details about enabling federation between users of your on-premises Skype for Business deployment and users of a Skype for Business Online organisation, check [this article](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/skypeforbusiness/manage/federation-and-external-access/federation-support/configuring-federation-support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more details about enabling federation between users of your on-premises Skype for Business deployment and users of a Skype for Business Online organization, see [Configuring federation support for a Skype for Business Online customer in Skype for Business Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/manage/federation-and-external-access/federation-support/configuring-federation-support).
```
